docs/03_benchmarks.md, before:

# Using benchmarks from thesis

## Sysbench

Install the benchmark with the following command:

```sh
sudo apt install sysbench
$ sysbench --version
sysbench 0.4.12
```

The [run_sysbench.sh](../scripts/benchmark_runners/run_sysbench.sh) script runs the benchmark with different parameters. It communicates with the energy-measurement service between runs.

```sh
~/energy-measurement/scripts/benchmark_runners/sysbench_run.sh
```

## Polybench

Download the source from the official [link](http://web.cse.ohio-state.edu/~pouchet.2/software/polybench/download/polybench-c-3.2.tar.gz). Decompress it and compile the application with the following command:

```sh
wget http://web.cse.ohio-state.edu/~pouchet.2/software/polybench/download/polybench-c-3.2.tar.gz

tar xvzf polybench-c-3.2.tar.gz
rm polybench-c-3.2.tar.gz

cd polybench-c-3.2
mkdir build && cd build
~/energy-measurement/scripts/benchmark_runners/polybench_build.sh ./
```

Run benchmarks:

```sh
cd polybench-c-3.2/build
~/energy-measurement/scripts/benchmark_runners/polybench_run.sh ./
```

##

Commit message:

Add iperf3 docs and script. Add merged plot option.

docs/03_benchmarks.md, after:

# Using benchmarks from thesis

## Sysbench

Install the benchmark with the following command:

```sh
sudo apt install sysbench
$ sysbench --version
sysbench 0.4.12
```

The [run_sysbench.sh](../scripts/benchmark_runners/run_sysbench.sh) script runs the benchmark with different parameters. It communicates with the energy-measurement service between runs.

```sh
~/energy-measurement/scripts/benchmark_runners/sysbench_run.sh
```

## Polybench

Download the source from the official [link](http://web.cse.ohio-state.edu/~pouchet.2/software/polybench/download/polybench-c-3.2.tar.gz). Decompress it and compile the application with the following command:

```sh
wget http://web.cse.ohio-state.edu/~pouchet.2/software/polybench/download/polybench-c-3.2.tar.gz

tar xvzf polybench-c-3.2.tar.gz
rm polybench-c-3.2.tar.gz

cd polybench-c-3.2
mkdir build && cd build
~/energy-measurement/scripts/benchmark_runners/polybench_build.sh ./
```

Run benchmarks:

```sh
cd polybench-c-3.2/build
~/energy-measurement/scripts/benchmark_runners/polybench_run.sh ./
```

## Iperf3 - networking

Install the iperf3 with the following command:

```sh
sudo apt install iperf3
$ iperf3 --version
iperf 3.1.3
```

This application has to be installed onto the Raspberry Pi and a server too.

Run the following command on the server:

```sh
iperf3 -s
```

This means that the application runs as server (`-s`) and starts listening at port 5201. On the Raspberry Pi, run the prepared script:

```sh
~/energy-measurement/scripts/benchmark_runners/iperf3_run.sh <server-ip-address>
```

It will benchmarking the network performance for 30 seconds.
